You really missed a sky-breaking Buddha
That's not possible.
Nothing is impossible.
This is your choice.
It's all over
Gu Shichen, Gu Shichen
What did you miss?
Gu Shichen Tiandao reincarnation
retribution
Unfortunately, there is no regret medicine in this world
The position of the black gold president
You can only draw water from a bamboo basket
I announce that Gu Shichen is no longer an employee of Blackgold Group
Even less likely to become the president of a black gold group
It turns out that you have been hiding it from me for the past three years
Why is that?
Why didn't you tell me?
If you had told me earlier
It wouldn't have happened this way.
Gu Shichen, what you call all status
For me, it's a lot to spit
But not worth mentioning
You were right.
You and I are not from the same world
As the saying goes, differences do not conspire
Take care of yourself
Since I have added a lot of wealth to the Gu family, you don't cherish it
Then don't take it back today.
Because you don't deserve it
Oops, it's over, it's over
The Gu family is finished, haha, are you going to beg under the overpass in the future?
Wife wife I was wrong
You give me another chance.
It's all Fang Lin
It's all what he said. The Fang family has been pressing down on that black and gold tower to pave the way for me
I don't want me
Enough Gu Shichen
At this point, you still think you're not wrong
The Gu family went bankrupt three years ago
I'm afraid my status will burden you
So as an ordinary person
I kept you for 3 years
Let you go for 3 years
I have loved you for three years
Everything today could have belonged to you
But you don't cherish it yourself
Ah, wife, wife
I was wrong, wife.
Do you dare to forgive me only when I die?
Then let me die